c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\HTMLDateGetter.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\HTMLDateGetter.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\HTMLDateGetter.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\CaseLaw.Data.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\CaseLaw.Entity.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\CaseLaw.Service.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\bin\Debug\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\obj\Debug\HTMLDateGetter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\obj\Debug\HTMLDateGetter.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HTMLDateGetter\HTMLDateGetter\obj\Debug\HTMLDateGetter.pdb
